## Initialize a repository locally and sync it to the remote repository

- So let's look at a different scenario. Let's say we have an empty remote repository and we have some code already in our local environment, and we want to push that to the remote repository. 
- In here a repository has been created but it has not been initiated, so there's no README in there. - There's no code at all. As you see, the web interface is already helping me with options to set this up. But let's see how we do it in Visual Studio Code. For now, I will copy the URL as I'll need it later. I'll open Visual Studio Code. Now, this file at this point is just a local folder. 
- Let's change it into a local Git repository. We do that by using **git init** command. We now have an empty repository. 
- Let's add that file we've created. So I'll use **git add .** to add everything to the staging area and then I'll commit it using **git commit -m "initial commit"**.
 So we have now set up the local repository and we want to add this to the remote repository, make sure they're connected. 
 So I use:
 - git remote add origin and then the URL that we just copied. 
 **git remote add origin https://github.com/new-ripo.git**
 They're now connected with each other. So I need to use a specific command but I want to show you how Git can help you if you're maybe using the wrong command. 
 - So let's assume that I think I need to use **git push** to add this code to the remote repository. I'll press enter and it gives me an error and it tells me what's going wrong. 
In my local repository, I am working on the main branch, but in a remote repository, I don't have any branches yet as there is no code there. And Git actually tells me what I need to do to set up that branch. So I'll copy the code I see in there, (git push --set-upstream origin main), paste that and now it actually sets up a branch in a remote repository. So if I now go to the web interface, I now have the code that I had locally on my remote repository.