## Chapter quiz

1. What is the purpose of the .git folder?

       It shows you what has been committed but not pushed.

       It shows you what is in the staging area.

   ✅ It stores all configuration and versions of the repository.

       You can read and copy your Git provider credentials from here.


2. Who can view and commit to a private repository?

       Everyone can view it, but only people you invite can commit.

       Only you and the people you have given access to your account at the Git Provider

   ✅ Only you and people you have invited

       Only you


3. You have committed new changes on your local device. You sign into the repository in the webinterface of the Git provider. What do you see?

       The new versions you created

       All files that you are working on are temporary not available

   ✅ The old versions of the files

       A note that new commits are ready to push


4. What is not an example of a remote Git provider?

       GitLab

   ✅ git.scm

       GitHub

       Bitbucket


5. What will git init write to a directory?

       Both repository files and the .gitconfig file

       The .gitconfig file

   ✅ A .git directory

       The files of the named repository


6. Say your repository is stored at https://git.com/user/repo.git. How do you make a local copy?

       Git Clone --url https://git.com/user/repo.git

       Git Clone https://git.com/user/repo.git

   ✅ Git Clone --https://git.com/user/repo.git

       Git Get https://git.com/user/repo.git


7. How can you recover data from a deleted .git directory?

   ✅  A deleted .git directory's contents cannot be recovered.

       Reconstruct it from the .git directory in a project's subdirectory.

       Run git init and git config to recreate the contents.

       Copy the project's .git contents from /etc/git/ or Program Files\Git\etc.


8. How do we get the URL we need to clone a local copy?

       You type Git Clone --list to get a list of all available repositories.

       You can find it in the global git config.

       You can find it in your account settings on the Git providers website.

   ✅ It will be available at the Git provider's web interface of the repository.


9. You have made changes to two files: example01.txt and example02.txt. You use git add example01.txt. What will happen when you commit the changes?

       All changes will be committed.

   ✅ Only the changes in example01.txt will be committed

       The changes in example02.txt will be reverted.

       Git will give an error.


10. Which command do you use to push new code to the remote repository?

   ✅  git push

       git push .

       git push --global

       git push -m "push new code"


11. You have made changes to two files: example01.txt and example02.txt. You use git add example01.txt. You use 'git commit' What will happen?

       Git will give an error.

   ✅ Your text editor will be open.

       Git will commit only the changes in example01.txt.

       Git will commit all the changes.


12. How do you connect your local repository to a remote repository?

       git init

   ✅ git remote add

       git status

       git commit


13. How do you stage every file you have changed?

       git add ,

       git add --all

       git add

   ✅ git add .