## Distributed version control

-  Git is what we call distributed version control. In this video, we try to get an understanding of what that means. To do that, let's first look at centralized version control. This is a version control that you might know from other syncing tools like OneDrive or Dropbox. All the information that we have is on the server, and we can sync our local files with the server but we always use the latest version. So if I change a file on my computer, it will also be changed on the server, and after that, also on the computer of other people who are working with that file. 
- The old version is stored on the server, but not on my local computer and not on the other computers. So that means if something happens to the server, we will only be able to work with the latest file, but we will lose the history. Now in distributed version control, we still have a remote server, the Git Provider. But every client that uses the file has their own database with all the snapshots and history. So if I collect files from the Git Provider, I don't just get the files. I get the complete history of the files. That means that even if something happens to the Git Provider, we still have complete copies of everything that happened to those files. Note that the Git Provider in this context is pretty much the same as all the other computers. The difference is that it's centrally located where we can grab our files, but we all have the same files and the same versions stored.