## Chapter quiz

1. When you use Git Pull, where can you view the old, new, and changes files?

       They are in the local repository, where you can use Git pull --local to collect them.

       They are in the staging area so you can commit to them directly.

   ✅ They are visible in the local folder.

       They can be shown by using git status.


2. When you use Git push, what changes are pushed to the remote repository?

   ✅ the changes in the local repository

       the changes in the local folder

       The changes you made in the last day

       the changes in the staging area


3. You are working on a Git repo but must do some work without an internet connection. What can you not do?

   ✅  Push your changes to the remote repository.

       Revert to some changes you made earlier.

       Make snapshots so you can keep track of changes.

       Go back to earlier versions of the files.


4. What is the effect if a file in the main repository becomes corrupted?

       Local copies are at risk, and all work on them should stop.

       Local copies will become corrupted but can be reverted.

   ✅ There is no effect on users' local copies.

       Local copies must be deleted to avoid corruption.


5. Which command do you need to use to add the staged changes to the local repository?

       git status

       git add

   ✅ git commit

       git push


6. What do you need to know to start working with Git?

       You need to be familiar with every Git command.

       You need to get the GIT certification.

   ✅ Just the basics, you can learn on the way.

       You need to have knowledge of the Microsoft Azure cloud.


7. Where is the repository information stored in your local folder?

       in the .version folder

   ✅ in the .git folder

       in the .code folder

       in the .config folder