## Install GIT on Windows

- Now that we understand Git, we want to work with it. First things first, we need to install Git. Whether you are using Linux, Windows, or macOS, you always go to the same website.
```https:// git-scm.com.
```
 If you use a search engine and you fill in Git, it will probably be the first hit over there. On this website, you can find everything about Git. There's a lot of documentation information out there, but this is also where you download. On the main page there is a little computer where it suggests I download for Windows because this is a Windows machine. But if I go to Downloads, here on the left, then I also get downloads from macOS and Linux. We will look a little bit into the possibilities in the next video, but on this one we're going to use Download for Windows.
- Now in here, we can choose some installers but if you have to choose one, and you're not sure which one you want, just use Click Here to Download and it will use the default that most people need. It will download and it's not a big file, so it should be pretty quick. So we can open it from here, or we can go to the File Explorer and find it in Downloads and open it here. So this is the Wizard which will help you with installing. And the great thing about the Wizard is that they explain a lot of the options that you can choose, which really helps. If you are uncertain, or you don't really care this much, it is okay to Next, Next, Finish it because it will choose the settings that are most often used. Let's look at through some of the options. We'll click Next. First thing it ask us is where it should install Git.
1. And now, we can select the components that we want. Again, you could just leave this at the default. As you see, we can choose to have extra icons, so have icons on the desktop, check for updates through Windows Updates, stuff like that. So there are a few options you can use, but you can also just leave it at the default. It will create a Start Menu folder, if you want to do it, you can say you don't want to use that, but it is handy to see all the different components in one folder, especially if you haven't used Git before. 
2. And then, it asks what you want to use as the default editor when you're using it. And it uses Vim by default, but as you see in the explanation, it says it can be pretty hard to use and they recommend changing it. 
3. Here, we are asked what we want the name of the default branch to be. So that is the branch that is automatically created when you use Git in it. Historically, this name was called master, but we've seen in the last few years that is often given a different name. So you can override that here, if you want to. 
4. We click Next and here we can set Git to our path environment. So we can use it on every command line we have and we don't have to define where Git is. So we can use it by just using Git. I'll leave this at the default. And here, we have some settings related to SSH, which I'll recommend to just leave at the default. Again, a lot of settings that you could change and I recommend if this new for you to just read through it, see what the consequences are, but I'm going to leave them all at the default.
5. So we clicked Install and it's now going to install Git on this computer. And at this point the Git Setup Wizard has finished and we can start using Git. So we'll click Finish, I'll leave the release notes and if I now open the terminal, git gives me back input. So Git has been installed.