## Git GUI clients

-  In this chapter we'll talk about Git GUI clients. Git by default is a command line tool and as we saw before, it can keep the history of files but this can become very complicated pretty quickly, especially if a repository is very large or has been going along for a long time. To help us with understanding what's going on, there are a few different clients that will visualize the process of Git. You can find them on the official website,
```
https://git-scm.com
```
 If I go to downloads, right below, and on the left I can find GUI Clients and here are all these examples of clients you can use to help you with what you're doing. You can see what OSs are supported, and there are a lot of different options here to try out. Some of them are free, some of them are paid options. I want to give a special mention to Visual Studio Code, which we'll talk about in a later chapter. 
- Visual Studio Code can help with Git by default. So by default, there is some GUI there available for you to use, but I also want to mention that there are some extensions that can help you, so if you go to the extensions menu and search for Git, you get a few options that you can use. The first ones are very well known. Git History, Git Lens, and Git Graph. They can help you with showing who has touched your code for the last time or how the tree of all your code is running through its history. So if you are going to work with Git and you're very new to it, you might consider making use of a GUI to make it a little bit easier for you.