## Configure Git

- So before we can actually start using Git, we need to do some configuration. All configuration in Git is done through a file called Gitconfig. This is always present on every computer that uses Git. There are actually a few different Gitconfig files. The most important one are the two scopes that are available.
```
- Global
  ~.gitconfig
  C:\users\user\.gitconfig
  ```
 You have the configuration that applies to the whole computer. We call this configuration a global configuration and you can find it on the home folder in the **.gitconfig** file or in the user folder of the user that you're using. 
- You can also set local configuration and this can be a configuration for a specific repository.
```
Local: For a specific repository
  .git/config
```
- You can find that in every repository in the **.git** folder. There's a file called **config** and you can set specific settings for this repository. These will override the global settings. You can set these settings within text editor or code editor or just in the terminal. 
- Some examples of these settings could be:
1. what your default editor is 
2. what the default branch name should be
3. you can set **aliases** to all kind of commands if you want shorter versions. 
- There are two settings you need to add before you can start using it. So we'll focus on those. Let's see how that looks in the terminal. So here we are in the terminal and we're going to start by showing the configuration.
- To do that, we use:
```
 git config --list 
``` 
 We can see the settings that have been set by default. 
- Now we need to add those two settings we were talking about. 
So we use:
```
   git config --global user.name "your name"

 Next we need to add your email address:
   git config --global user.email "name@example.com"
```   

- So now if we use **git config --list** again, the two new settings will have been added at the bottom. As I've said before, there's a lot of settings you can add here but these two are the only ones that are mandatory. We are now ready to start using Git.