## Chapter quiz

1. Which action is not a way to gain access to Git on a Mac?

   ✅ Install Git with the terminal utility command install git.

       Use the pre-installed version on newer Macs.

       Install Git with the HomeBrew command brew install git.

       Install Git with the MacPorts command: sudo port install git from git-scm.com.


2. Which action will successfully install Git on any Linux system?

       Use apt-get install git.

       Download the package installer for the Linux distribution from git-scm.com.

       Use dnf install git.

   ✅ Use the command specific to the Linux distribution, as listed on git-scm.com.


3. What is the best way to find out what GUIs are available for your OS?

       You try them and see if it works.

   ✅ There is a list on git-scm.com.

       There is only one GUI tool for each OS.

       You can find a list on git.com.


4. Why would you use a GUI for Git?

       This is needed to work with a remote repository.

       It helps you with finding errors in your code when you commit it.

   ✅ To help you keep track of what happens to files and what commands to use

       Git will not work from the command line only.


5. A user is unsure of the version of Git installed. Which command should they use?

       git -version

   ✅ git --version

       git

       git help


6. Which two settings are mandatory to start working with GIT and remote repositories?

       core.editor and core.pager

   ✅ user.name and user.email

       No settings are mandatory.

       user.key and user.name


7. How can you check if Git has been correctly installed?

       Open Visual Studio Code and check the settings.

       Check your GitHub account.

   ✅ Open a terminal or PowerShell window and type either Git or Git --Version.

       Run the wizard again. If Git was already installed it will tell you.


8. What does "Add 'open with code action' to Windows Explorer File Context menu" do?

   ✅  It adds an option to the right-button-menu in the file explorer to open a file directly with Visual Studio Code.

       It configures your computer to open all relevant files with Visual Studio Code.

       It adds an option to open the file explorer from a file in VSCode.

       It adds an option to the right-button-menu in the file explorer to open a folder directly with Visual Studio Code.


9. What settings are necessary to change in the install wizard to use Git?

       initial branch name

   ✅  none

       default editor

       installation location


10. Why would you use Visual studio code for Git?

       When you use Visual studio code, you don't have to download Git.

       It fixes errors in you Git commands.

   ✅ It gives a gui to help with basic Git operations.

       It makes Git operations run faster.


11. What scope does the git config --list command use if no scope is defined?

       local

       system

   ✅ global

       user


12. How do you change the username in the global configuration to "John Doe"?

       git config user.name "John Doe"

   ✅ git config --global user.name "John Doe"

       git set --global user.name "John Doe"

       git config --global username "John Doe"