## Git to share code

- So, let's look at another scenario where Git can really help you out. Have you ever tried to share some code with a coworker or with a friend? So, let's say we have a file, Codefile01, and we want to make sure that someone else has access to it. Now, you might want to send it through email so you can do it straight to the cloud but anyone who has ever tried that knows that it will often be caught up in the spam filter. So, you might need to create a new extension and ask the other person to change the extension back. Something like that. It always becomes messy.
- What other options do we have? Do we do USB sticks? That's really a bit old-fashioned at this point. You can do it in SharePoint, but again, there might be issues with spam and it might get messy if people start working in the same file in SharePoint. So while you can use some sort of cloud provider to share those files, you can actually use Git for it. So we had our scenario already where we have our local computer where we are working with our code, and here, we have our friend or coworker who has their own computer and we want the code to get to their computer. And there is our Git provider. So we can add the code to get to Git provider and if we make new versions, we can keep adding them to that Git provider. And what we can do is we can make our code public if we want to, or we can add our coworker or friend to the repository we are working in.
- And at this point, they have access to our code and they can get this code to their computer. So they can either download it directly from the web interface or they can install Git themselves and make their own version control while they're working in this repository. So, this is how Git can help you when you want to share some code with someone else.
