## Git to collaborate

- So how can you use Git to actually collaborate on code? So to work on code together? So let us set it up like this.
```
My copmuter ----------------> GIT Provider  ------------------->  Coworker Computer
                                   |                                      |
                                   |                                      |
                                   |                                      |
Code pulled from GIT <----- File pushed back to GIT <----------- Their copy of the file  
                                   |
                                   |
                                   |  
New file code --------------> GIT Provider <--------------------  New file code

```

- On the left, we have our own computer. And we are working on the file, and we have added that file to the Git provider, so that is available there. On the right is our coworker, our friend, who also wants to work on this file. So what they can do is use Git and get their own copy of the file. So they can make changes to that file and create a new version. When they're done, they can push this back to the Git provider. And at this stage, we can create a pull, or we can pull the code from the Git provider, and now we have access to that new version of the file. So we can both work on the file and get the newest versions and see what other people have changed. 
 - Now of course what could happen, is that we both start working on the file at the same time. And the great thing about Git is that often, it will understand how the files interact with each other. And unless they are changed at the same level, it might be able to create a new version based on both our versions. So Git has some intelligence for that. It's not always possible. If we're working at the same levels, we need to manually intervene and check what code we actually want to keep. But overall, Git is very good at checking how two files can be merged into one.