## Open source

- Git is very helpful for the process of open-source software. Open source means that all the code behind the software is publicly available and you are able to do stuff with it. So you can download it, you can change it for your own use, but what you often also see with open source is that the community works on it. So when someone who uses the code find that they might need a different feature or they see a bug, they can report it, but they can also change it themselves if they have those skills, of course. And that means that open-source software often has some quick development, a lot of features going on. So we already talked about how Git can help you collaborate. So that really helps with open-source software. Let's look at our scenario that we saw before where we have the Git provider where our code is stored and we are working on it from two separate computers. Now this works well, but what if we make this a bigger scenario? So let's say there are multiple users that are trying to change that code at once. And you can see this can get messy really quickly. And besides that, the basic code is the source code. So that's running production. So you might not want everyone to be able to make changes to that because something might get broken.
- So this is where branches come in and we're going to look at the concept of branching here. Let's look back at our scenario where we have two computers.
```
       GIT Provider                            Our Computer
                            
    Code ---->  Branch --------------------->    Code
                                                   |
                                                   |
    Code <----  Branch <---------------------    Code    
```        

- We have our code that is stored in the Git provider and we want to make some changes. But like I said, we don't want to do that in the code itself because that might be running production and a lot of other people are already using it. So we create a branch and this is a copy of the code at the Git provider. So the branch exists side by side with the code that we took it from. It's a direct copy, but nothing we do in the branch will be noticeable in the code itself. And we now take a copy from that branch to our local computer and start making changes. So when we have made changes, we push them back to the Git provider but now to the branch instead of to the main code. And we can do this several times. And when we are ready and we know that we want this change to be part of the main code, they can be merged with each other. Often you do this through a pull request, so other people might do a review before you add it on there. Once you completed that, you can delete the branch that we worked on and this is the new situation. So this situation is exactly the same as it would be if we had worked on that first branch when we started out. But we worked on a separate branch to keep some security and to have our own little workspace in a big project.