## Chapter quiz

```
1.When you use Git Pull, where can you view the old, new, and changes files?


 1. Where is Git located on your computer?

   ✅  It is installed as separate software.

       It is on the internet.

       It is part of the Office Suite.

       It is a part of the file explorer.


2. Why would you use Git for your own files?

       to make editing the code easier

       to check if your code is correct

       to create a folder structure for your files

   ✅ to keep track of old versions of files


3. You and your coworker want to use Git to work on the same code. How do you do that?

       You send your coworker the code through email.

       You open a Teams session so you can work in the same screen.

       You need to make a direct Git connection between your machines.

   ✅ You store a version of the files online at a Git provider.


4. Fred wants to use Git to share a file from his computer with his friend Sally. What is not required to accomplish this?

        Fred must have an account with a Git provider.

    ✅ Sally must have an account with a Git provider.

        Fred must have Git on his local device.

        Fred must have all the files he wants to share.


5. What problem does branching solve?

       It blocks people from deploying code to a repository.

       A branch is used to put part of the code outside of the repository.

       You can share a branch between multiple repositories.

   ✅  When a lot of people work on the same file, Git might not be able to merge the different files.


6. You and your coworker are working on the same file at the same time. What will happen when you push the changes?

   ✅ Git will try to merge the changes into one file.

       Access to the file your coworker is working on will be denied.

       Git will throw an error when you try to save your changes.

       Git will use only the changes that came in last.


7. You have made a branch and are working on a file. What can you expect when you look at the file in the remote repository?

       The file will show an error as the remote repository sees you are working on a different branch.

       The file will have a remark that changes have been made.

       The file will have your changes incorporated as edits are saved.

   ✅ The files will look just as they did when originally accessed.