## Chapter quiz

1. Which command can you use to rename a file in Git?

       git push .

  ✅  git mv

       git rv

       git rename


2. You change the name of a file in the file explorer. What happens when you run Git status?

       Git will say the file has been renamed.

       Git will have added these changes directly to the repository, so there will be nothing to commit.

   ✅  Git will say a new file has been added and a file has been removed.

       Git will run an error.


3. What is the purpose of a .gitkeep file?

       It keeps a backup of files that you want to always keep even if they are deleted.

  ✅  It serves as a placeholder so a folderstructure can be committed.

       It is a list of files that you cannot delete from the repository.

       It tells Git what files to ignore.


4. You create a new folder in a repository. You add it with git add . You commit the changes. What will happen?

   ✅  Nothing, as Git doesn't keep track of empty folders.

       The new folder is added to the staging area, but not to the local repository.

       The folder is now part of the snapshot.

       Git gives an error that you need to add files to the folder.


5. How do you view the changes in all previous commits?

       Git log -q

   ✅ Git log -p

       Git log --all

       Git log -c


6. What key closes the commit log view?

       tab

       esc

       X

   ✅ Q


7. What happens when you delete a file from a Git repository and commit your changes?

       It is removed from your history, but still visible in the remote repository.

       It is deleted both from the current code and from the history.

       You can't delete a file from a Git repository.

  ✅  It is deleted from the current code, but still visible in the history.


8. How do you find all the commits with the phrase 'example' in them?

       git log --find='example'

  ✅  git log --grep='example'

       git log --list 'example

       git log --get='example'


9. How do you discard all changes you made in the working directory?

       git restore --all

  ✅  git restore .

       git restore

       git revert


10. Git status tells you "Your branch is ahead of 'origin/main' by 1 commit. What does this mean?

       The local repository is no longer connected to the remote repository.

       You need to create a new branch.

       There are changes in the remote repository that you don't have locally.

  ✅  You have committed changes that are not in the remote repository.


11. You have staged some changes in the file example.txt, but you decide you don't want to commit them. Which command do you use?

       git return --staged example.txt

  ✅  git restore --staged example.txt

       git return --cached example.txt

       git restore --cached example.txt


12. What is the most likely cause if git status results in the output "Not a Git repository"?

       You need to change directory to the repository's top level.

  ✅  There is no .git directory in the current directory or in parent directories.

       Git has not been installed on this system.

       You need to use the command git config gc --depth 100.


13. How can you view the changes in the staging area?

       git diff

  ✅  git diff --cached

       git diff --staged

       git diff --add


14. Considering the following output, if you decide you don't like the change shown in this diff, where should you go to find the output line(s)?

--- a/README.md
+++ b/README.md
@@ -1,3 +1,5 @@ 

-This is a new line
+This is a new line
+
+And another one

       line 6

  ✅  line 1

       You can't tell.

       line 7


15. You have four commits in your project, and the HEAD is the most recent. What do the Git logs show after reverting the third commit?

  ✅  The logs show a fifth new commit indicating which commit was reverted.

       The logs show three commits, with the third as the HEAD.

       The logs show four commits, but with the third as the HEAD.

       The logs show one commit, indicating the commit chain was broken.


16. Which part of Visual Studio Code do we use for Git?

       Explorer

       Run and Debug

       Search

  ✅  Source Control


  17. Which extensions do you need to install to work with Git in Visual studio code?

       GitHub

  ✅   none

       Git Graph

       GitLens


18. How do you go back to a specific commit?

  ✅  git checkout

       git restore

       `git status

       git push


19. Which command do you use to view the changes in the files you are going to commit?

  ✅   git diff

       git commit

       git add

       git status


20. In what way does the commit history change when git revert is executed?

       The commit to be reverted is nullified and HEAD points to a new revert commit.

       The commit to be reverted is deleted from the commit history.

 ✅   HEAD points to a new revert commit that is a descendent of the previous HEAD.

       A revert commit replaces the specific commit in the commit history.


21. What does a detached state mean?

       The staging area has changes that still need to be committed.

  ✅  The files you see are not connected to the current version of your code.

       You must pull before you can push.

       Git got into an error and needs to be restarted.


22. You have a file in the staging area. What changes will Git Status make to your repository?

       All other changes in the folder are also added to the staging area.

       The file will be committed.

       The file will be reverted.

  ✅  Nothing. Git Status shows what your current state is, it will not change that state.