## Edit a file and view changes

- In the previous chapter, we added new files to our Git repository, both locally and remote. But one of the great things of Git is that it can help you keep track of changes in files. The good news is that committing a change to a file is pretty much the same process as committing a new file.
- Let's see how that works. So on the existing files we had worked with I'm going to add a change to this file. 

- I'm going to add an extra line and I'll save that.
- Now I'll move back to Git and I can do the same thing as with a new file. 
- So I'll use Git add, and I'll use a . for every file and then git commit -m and a commit message. A new snapshot has been created of my file in the Git repository and I will be able to view those changes and see what was changed.
- But what's going to happen if I want to actually see what I'm about to commit and what changes have been made, it's easy to keep track now because we only have two files but if this is a big code repository, that might be more difficult. To see how we can keep track, I'll add another change and now I will use **git diff** and I can mention which file I want to see or I can just press enter. And as you see here, I get an overview of what has been changed. So it says that this new line has been changed because o the change that we have done And it also shows in green what has been added. So it shows me what lines have been removed and what lines have been added. 
This can also be used with multiple filesso if I change something to the README, again ask for git diff I get all the new changes. So it shows me the changes in README and it shows me the changes in example.txt. This way I can keep track of what's going on before I actually commit stuff. Even if I already added stuff to the staging area, I can still see the changes. To do that, I'll first add those files to the staging area. I'll clear this up and then I can use git diff and then --cached. And here I will get the same overview so I can see exactly what has been removed and what has been added to all my files before I make a commit.