## Make use of the GUI of Visual Studio Code

- The process of keeping track of files and track of changes can be a bit confusing, especially if you make a lot of changes or if a lot of files are involved. Because of this, I want to show you what Visual Studio Code can do for you.
- Visual Studio Code has a way of visualizing what you are doing and you can actually use the GUI to work with Git especially if you're not familiar with the process, this can be very helpful. I'll show you how this works.
- So to start off, I'll make some changes again, like I did in the previous video. I'll add this one, and here I will also say, and I'll save this.
- Now, what you may already have noticed is that a little tool shows up here. This is the part of Visual Studio Code that helps you with source control, so Git in this case. If we click it, we can see both the files that we have made changes to. If I click on example.txt, it will show the working tree and what it does is on the left, it will show the old file and on the right, it will show the changes. So you see in green, the two lines have been added.
- If I do the same thing for Read Me, I can also see that lines have been added. So this gives a great visualization of what is changing in my files. Now, if I'm happy with these changes and I want to commit them, I can do this right here. I can add them to the staging area by clicking this plus sign. Click that. And over here, I can create a commit message like I did before in the command line. I make commit message and then I can press commit right here. And now my changes have been committed to the local repository. Because I have the connection, I can also choose to push it to the remote repository right here by clicking sync changes. 
- As it shows this for the first time, it will show that it will not only push commits but it will also pull them from the remote repository so you always know that you have the latest version. So I can click okay or okay don't show again if I know that this is what it means. I'll press okay for now and it will start pushing those changes. If you look at the three dots here, you see there's a lot of other options that you can use from Git. So I can clone from here. I can just push and not do a pull, or I can pull and I can do all the other actions that are described. So this can really help you, especially if you're new to Git, to get a bit of an overview of what's going on, what you are doing or if you're a bit confused about commands.