## View commit history

- So we talked about Git being a program that helps us to keep track of the history of our files and what has happened, but how can we see that history and see what has been going on? We can use git log for this. So in the command line, if we type **git log**, it shows us the history of what happened in this repository. As you see, it shows a commit and then what we call a checksum, which is sort of the ID for that specific commit. After that, it shows an author, the date, and then the commit message, which is the reason why it's important that that is descriptive. So here it shows a fuse of the commits I have done. I can press space if I want to show more of them. If you're not used to this, by the way, this information is scrollable, but that means that it can be a bit difficult to get out of it if you're not used to it. 
- You get out of this by pressing Q, and now we can add new commands. So this way, we get an overview of all the commit messages but we can do a lot with log. I'm going to show a few examples of what you can do with log. 
- We'll start off by saying that we want to show the results of a specific commit message. So let's say I want to see what happened in this specific commit. I'll take the checksum and copy it, and I'll use **git show** and then the checksum. I'll press enter. It shows me what has happened in this specific commit so I can really see the history like this. Let's see what else we can do. If I use **git log -p**, it will show what has happened in every commit that has been done. So if I press space, it will show for every commit, what changes have been made. So this can also be very useful. Another one that's great if you start working with branches is **git log graph**, as it shows a visualization of how your branches are moving around. Finally, a nice option is to do a search for a specific part of a commit message, so if you are looking for a specific commit that you can easily find it to do that, you type **git log -grep=**and then the phrase you are looking for. This is going to be a regular expression. So if I use example here and press enter, it shows me a commit message that showed adds example dot txt. So this can help you to search in your logs. There are a lot of different options here to explore. Another thing I want to show you is that you can keep track in the remote repository in the web interface. So if I go to the web interface of this project, I can see that it has two commits in the remote repository. And if I click on this, I get a visualization of the different commits. And if I click on one of them, I can see what changes have been made there. So this is another option to keep track of what is happening with your repository.

