## Rename files

- So let's see what happens in Git when you rename a file, because this might seem a little bit unexpected. So here we have example.txt, and we're not going to do anything about the content, we're just going to rename it. So I'll call this firstexample.txt, press Enter, and I use Visual Studio Code to see what has happened. 
- If I look at the Source Control, what I can see here is that it's actually creating a new file. So example.txt was deleted, and firstexample.txt was created with completely new content. So at this stage, Git doesn't understand that these are the same files, but what we can do now, if we add those changes to the staging area, we see at this point, Git understands that this is the same file that has been renamed. - And we see that right here it says, it has been renamed, but it's the same file. So while at first it seems like Git is getting confused it will understand that these files are actually the same file with a different name. There is another way we can do this within Git itself. 
- So if I want to change the name of secondexample.txt I'll use:
```
 git mv .\secondexample anotherexample.txt then I press Enter and it's automatically changed here right in the repository. And if I look at my changes here, it also said this has been renamed. It has been added immediately, so I don't need to add it to the staging area, it's already there. Both ways to do it have the same results, so you can just choose what you feel more comfortable with.