## Working with folders

- So we've only been working with files so far. What about folders? We can use folders in Git and it will keep track of them. So let's create some. So I'll create firstfolder and secondfolder. And we're going to see how do folders work. 
- So I'm going to add both these files to firstfolder so I'll move them. If I now check with git status, at this point, it says it will delete two files and it will create a new folder. Let's add everything that we have changed. And if I check the status again, you see, it will now say it's been renamed.
- So it sees that the folder is there and that files have been added to that folder. If I commit this, press enter and I'll push it. If we look now at our repository, we see that folder and we can click through it and find our files.
- But did you notice that we added two folders and I only see one of them here. In our Explorer window, we still have two folders. And this is an important concept of Git. **Git doesn't keep track of empty folders**. So if a folder is empty, it's going to be ignored, and you saw it nowhere in that staging or in the status. There is a way to make sure that Git does keep track of the folder and it's making sure it's not empty so we add a file and we have a format for that. We call that **.gitkeep**. This is something that developers use to make sure that it's understood that this folder is important for the structure, but there's no content in it. And if I now use git status, it will see that secondfolder and it'll see that it needs to keep track of it. So I'll add it with the dot, I'll commit it saying adds secondfolder, and I can now push this. And if I look at my remote repository now and I refresh, it will have that secondfolder with the empty file here. So as you saw, I just had to name it .gitkeep. I didn't have to add any content to it. And if I finally have content in this folder, of course, I can delete it.