## Undo your changes

- So while we are making changes in our files, we might create changes that we don't want to keep. Maybe we want to go back to the previous commit, we can do that with Git. Let's see how that works.
- So I'll add some content to a file so now, if we look at Git with git status, we see the changed file that has not been added to the staging area yet.  I'll use git add . then if I check git status now, the file has been added to the staging area. 
- Now, let's say at this point I want to take that back. I don't want to actually move on with this change. And the good thing that we see here is that git status actually tells us what we need to do. It says use git **restore --staged**, and then the name of a file. So let's try that with the example.md file. So I'll use **git restore --staged example.md**. And now, if I look at git status again, I see the file is in the working directory. So I can choose now to work further with this so if I do **git restore --staged .**, it will remove any files from the staging area. 
- Now, let's say I'm still not happy with these changes and I really want to move back. I even want to delete them from the working directory. I need to go back to the previous state. If I press git status again, it actually tells me what I can do.
- So if I use **git restore .**  We see the content immediately being deleted so this command can be powerful because maybe I've made a lot of changes and they are all gone now with just one command. So be careful with it, but it can be very useful if you have been playing around, or if you have been making a mess and you want to go back to the previous state.