## Ignoring files

- There are some concepts that can help your Git workflow run more smoothly. Let's first see how you can make Git ignore files. So what will often happen in folders where code is involved is that there are files there that you don't want to track with Git. 
A good example of these are log files. 
They are often not interesting for the code but you need them for the application locally or maybe you have some local settings you want to take care of that you don't want to actually sync with Git and we can do something about that and we do that with the file called **git ignore**. 
- So it has to be in the **root** folder. You create a new file, it starts with a (.) and then git ignore. Git knows this file and knows that everything that is mentioned in there needs to be ignored. You can use regular expressions in here. So you have a lot of options to refer to files. 
- You can do this hard coded or refer to folders or use asterisks. There's a lot of options in here. So let's create some files we don't want to track. I'll create a folder called logs and a file called filelog1.txt. There we go. So if I do git status now, it says it had two files to keep track of, the file log that's in the logs folder and git ignore. Now I can add filelog1.txt to git ignore and save it. And if - I do git status again, I now only have to sync git ignore. So it recognizes that it doesn't need to keep track of this file. In Visual Studio Code, you can see that it's grayed out so you can see it's not being tracked. Another option I have is just to say, I want to ignore everything in the logs folder. So it will ignore logs, the folder itself and the file within there. I can add multiple files in here and I can also add comments to explain why something needs to be ignored. So I have a lot of options. I could also do something like logs and then an asterisk and then .txt to make the point that I only want to ignore files that are text files and maybe I want to keep other files. So there's a lot of different options here and this can be very useful if you don't want to track specific files.