## Git branches

- In chapter one, we briefly talked about branches. Branches can be used to have a second version of the same code to work with. This is useful, for example, if your code is running production and shouldn't be changed while you are developing things. It can also be very useful if more than one person is working on the code at the same time. 
- Overall, in big projects, it's considered the best practice to do all changes in branches. So what's happening when you create a branch? 
```
           Git Provider                                              My computer

    code ----------> branch ---------------------------------> local branch ---> local code changes   
                                                                       |
                                                                       |

    main branch <--- branch <--------------------------------- local code changes
```

- We have the code that's running production and the Git provider and over here we can create a branch, which is a copy of the code. So we can do it at the Git provider but we can also do it locally. So it can exist in both places. So we have created a branch and we start making changes within this branch. Note that production is keeping the same code so the main branch is not changed. What we can do now with our branch is publish it to the Git provider. When we are done and we want our changes to become part of production, we create what we call a pull request. Locally, you would just merge this branch, but with bigger projects, often a pull request is required. 
- This is also a place where people can give reviews to your code. Once the pull request is completed, your code becomes part of the main branch, and it's best practice to delete the old branch, and it will seem like everything you did in the branch is part of the main branch. Ideally, these branches have a short life. So you make a branch for a specific future or bug that you are working on. After that is done, you create that pull request, and it is merged. Working with branches can feel challenging if it's new to you. If you are working on your own, you can do Git without branches. As soon as you start contributing to public repository, you probably need to know how to use them.

