## Git commit messages

- Let's consider the message you give when you create a commit. We've created a lot of commits now. We've seen they are very useful to keep track of the history, but that commit message is a very important part of it as it shows what actually happened when that commit was made. Now there are some best practices with commit messages to help you get going. A good commit message should describe exactly what changes were applied.
- It should be present tense. This can feel a bit weird as you're used to saying "I fixed something," but it should say, "fixes something," instead of that. So that it's clear that whatever is described is what this specific commit is doing. The first line of the commit message should be a max of 50 characters. If that is not enough to do a good description of what actually happened, you can add an extra description. Let's see what that looks like. Now in my repository, I've been making very silly changes, and my git messages weren't very good. 
- And I can see that if I do **git log --oneline** I can see all the messages for the previous commit I have done. So I want to show you how you can create a multi-line commit message. 
- So we have to file **secondexample.text**. And let's say I want to change that to second example in the content because I created another example.  And if I add this, I can now commit it. And what we have been doing is added git, commit and then a message by -m. But let's see what happens if I don't supply the message.
- So I just do git commit, and it will open the text editor and in this case, this is facial studio code which we are already working in. And here I can create a message and that message can be multiple lines. So it should always start with sort of a subject line. So a short description of what you're actually doing. And in this case, I can already make this descriptive. I can say, "changes another example to second example." 
- It's already pretty descriptive like that. But if I want to add extra information, I could just do two hard returns and then start typing. And maybe I want to put the reason why this change is made here; and I'll add a hard return here for if people are using different text editors. So this is a bit of a silly example because not that much is happening. But if you're writing code, you could see that the subject could be a short description. And after that you could describe extensively. So if I save this and I close it off, my commit is completed. If I use git log one line I just see the first line that we added. So that subject changes another example to second example. But if I use git log, it also shows the parts underneath it. So it gives you a little bit more information. It's a good thing to start practicing early with creating good descriptive, commit messages.