## Getting out of trouble

- In this chapter, we'll talk a little bit about the trouble that you might get when you use Git. 
1. Git is a very flexible tool. It gives you a lot of options to work with a lot of different versions with code
2. It can do a lot on its own so it can look at the code and see what option might be the one you want to keep but sometimes this goes wrong. 
- The one we see the most often are **merge conflicts**. This can happen if different people are working on the same file. When they try to merge them, Git doesn't understand which version it should keep but you could have other troubles as well, like getting confused about where you are in history or maybe working on the wrong branch. Often you can still fix stuff. 
- So I have my old repository and I still need to push some changes to the remote repository but by now I have also created some changes in the remote repository. So if I try to push with git push, it says my push is rejected because it says some changes have been made on the other side, so I need to pull those first. All right, I will pull the changes and we see over here that it gives an error and it says over here that auto merging failed. 
- There was a merge conflict because a change has been made both in the repository and in my local repository, and it asks me to fix the conflicts and then commit. And in my text editor here, it shows me what the conflict is. So here at secondexample.txt, locally I've created second example as in content but remotely, I've created a different example. 
- Now, I can still merge these changes but I need to tell Git which one it should keep. With Visual Studio Code, I get a GUI for that. I can say I want to accept the current change, accept the incoming change, accept them both, which means they will keep them both or compare them. In this case, it's not that difficult. It's just two lines. But this can be a bit confusing when this is a long list of codes and there may be a lot of changes. 
- In this case, I'll say I accept the current change, which means I will keep whatever I've written and say I will override what's ever been written in the remote repository. So I'll save this and I can commit this and it creates the commit message for me that says that this is a merge, so I'll merge this and press commit. Now I can push those changes. And the merge conflict now has been solved and my code is now pushed to the remote repository. If I look at the remote repository, and this is the file I had and it now created the version that I had locally. Now, this is a very simple merge conflict. They can be a lot more difficult than this. My advice is to look at every example on its own. If you get more confused than this, you can check on the internet if there's any people who have had the same issue because there's a lot of different commands that might help you. If you are new to this and these are not production or anything like that, there's no shame in just recreating your local repository if you really get too confused.