## Chapter quiz

1. What file do you need to add to make Git ignore certain files?

       .getignore

       .config

   ✅  .gitignore

       .git


2. Which line in a .gitignore file would ignore all files ending in ".md" in a directory named logfiles, and nothing else?

       *.md

   ✅ logfiles/*.md

       logfiles/

       !logfiles/*.md


3. You make some changes to your repository and push them to the remote repo. You get an error: "failed to push some refs to [url]". What went wrong?

       You added some code that is not working to your file and need to fix that first.

       You first need to run Git commit.

       You first need to run Git merge.

   ✅  You first need to run git pull.


4. How many branches does a repository need to work?

       2

       3

       0

   ✅ 1


5. Why do you create a pull request?

   ✅  to get the code from a branch added to the main branch

       to see what would happen if you used git pull

       to clone a new branch to the local repository

       to create a new branch in a remote repository


6. Which command helps to create a multiline git commit message?

       git commit -m @'text here'@

   ✅ git commit

       git commit --longmessage 'text here'

       git commit -l 'text here'


7. Which single line commit message uses best practices?

       form submission error on customer query contact form

       Temporary change to user notice for PSM requirements -- needs follow-up after the new year.

       You changed cookie expiration to eliminate a login timeout issue.

   ✅ adds dashboard feature to display client usage log summary as pie chart